# About the project (aka me rambling about everything assiociated with it, cause there's small chance anybody reads it anyway)
So this whole big (at least big for me, I've never written something for almost 2000 lines of code) thing started, when I was spending much time daily on LGBT forum on fandom. At least few times a day there was a post asking something along lines "could anybody test ve/vir pronouns on me?" or "name Sparkle with void/voidself please", but these people were so often ignored and I felt so bad for them (but never answered them too, my socially anxious self was panicking over the fact, that I don't even know what to tell them). One day I was looking at such post and realised, that people, who do respond, always say things so similiar, that it could all be done by a program. And then I realised, that I'm (kind of) programmer and I can code such program. I got so hyperfixated on this idea I hadn't even check if something like this already exists (there was plenty of similiar stuff in the internet) and I wrote simple program using HTML and JavaScript (I hadn't heard about CSS yet, so it was ugly like trash) in I think one or two days. Then I've posted the code on the forum and told people how to make HTML file to open it (very proffesional, I know). I get very positive feedback, so some time later I've decided  to improve it a little bit. And this is where fun begun.

Firstly I've taken a course to learn CSS, which turned out to be easier in use that I previously thought (I'm talking about the most basic stuff, I hadn't even finished that course before coming back to programming this website). I've started experimenting with layout of inputs and after years of crying upon the fact that I cannot find nice set of colors I was satisfied with the way everything looked (I've changed colors later anyway, after next hours of pain and tears; if I had to tell which thing in this whole project was the hardest, it was definitely choosing colors). In that time I was still thinking, that I'll upload the code in post on the forum, this is why styles and scripts are in one file with HTML, I was too lazy to change it later.

To be continued or something, motivation fell asleep.
